docs/requirements.rst, before:

Requirements
============

The main *colourettu* module, has the following dependencies:

.. include:: ../requirements.txt
   :literal:

Testing
-------

Testing *colourettu* requires:

.. include:: ../colourettu/test/requirements.txt
   :literal:

For unit test, then run (from the base directory)::

    green colourettu.tests -vv

For code-style test, then run (from the base directory)::

    isort --recursive colourettu --verbose
    pydocstyle colourettu
    pycodestyle colourettu

.. note:: Code-style tests remain aspirational at this point, and so
          failures here are permitted.

Before packaging, check the manifest (``Manifest.in``) by running (from the
base directory)::

    check-manifest -v


Documentation Generation
------------------------
To generation the documentation (this) for *colourettu*,
*colourettu* itself must be installed (it is imported in
the process of building the documentation).
The following dependencies are also required:

.. include:: requirements.txt
   :literal:

Then run (on Windows) (from the ``docs`` directory)::

    make html

Commit message:

[Docs] add `toc` to theme header and footer

docs/requirements.rst, after:

Requirements
============

The main *colourettu* module, has the following dependencies:

.. include:: ../requirements.txt
   :literal:

Testing
-------

Testing *colourettu* requires:

.. include:: ../colourettu/test/requirements.txt
   :literal:

For unit test, then run (from the base directory)::

    green colourettu.tests -vv

For code-style test, then run (from the base directory)::

    isort --recursive colourettu --verbose
    pydocstyle colourettu
    pycodestyle colourettu

.. note:: Code-style tests remain aspirational at this point, and so
          failures here are permitted.

Before packaging, check the manifest (``Manifest.in``) by running (from the
base directory)::

    check-manifest -v


Documentation Generation
------------------------
To generation the documentation (this) for *colourettu*,
*colourettu* itself must be installed (it is imported in
the process of building the documentation).
The following dependencies are also required:

.. include:: requirements.txt
   :literal:

.. note:: Version 2.0.5 of PSphinxTheme is the latest version available,
          but it does not cleanly install on Windows. A `pull request
          <https://github.com/peter1000/PSphinxTheme/pull/4>`_ has been
          submitted to fix this. A similiar fix for `python_lconf_lexer
          <https://github.com/LCONF/python_lconf_lexer/pull/1>`_, on which
          the theme depends is also needed and a similiar pull request has
          been submitted.

Then run (on Windows) (from the ``docs`` directory)::

    make dirhtml
